docs: add motivation for creating services-flake (#125)
juspay/services-flake: doc/start.md

[^how-default]: `default` is the name of the process group that is derived from `process-compose.<name>` in `perSystem.process-compose`.

[^sample-config]: See the example configuration from the [getting started](https://f1bonacc1.github.io/process-compose/intro/) section of the process-compose docs.

> ## See also
> 
> If you are looking to replace docker and use `services-flake` in your dev environment, read about how we accomplished it at [Nammayatri](https://github.com/nammayatri/nammayatri): <https://nixos.asia/en/blog/replacing-docker-compose>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples

- In [Nammayatri](https://github.com/nammayatri/nammayatri), services-flakes is used to run the local services stack (which used to be run with docker-compose). Read about it [in this blog post](https://nixos.asia/en/blog/replacing-docker-compose).
```

Reviewer: Are there other public examples to add?
